doc: update doc versions for 2.2.99-dev3 (#10097)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/index.rst

Welcome to the |NCS|!
#####################

.. important::

   |NCS| v2.2.99-dev3 is a development tag that replaces |NCS| v2.2.99-dev1 and v2.2.99-dev2.
   |NCS| v2.2.99-dev3 will be replaced by v2.3.0 in the future.

   The development tag contains the following major updates:

   Wi-Fi® features:

   * MAC address provisioning from host
   * Regulatory domain configuration and IEEE 802.11d support
   * Updated TX power settings

   Samples:

   * Added :ref:`wifi_sr_coex_sample` sample demonstrating coexistence of concurrent Wi-Fi and Bluetooth® Low Energy operation.
   * Enhancements to :ref:`wifi_radio_test` sample.
   * Added host sleep functionality to :ref:`wifi_station_sample` sample.
   * Added QSPI master encryption key programming to :ref:`wifi_station_sample` sample.

   For other changes that are included in this development tag, see :ref:`ncs_release_notes_changelog`.

The |NCS| is where you begin building low-power wireless applications with Nordic Semiconductor nRF52, nRF53, and nRF91 Series devices.

> The SDK contains optimized cellular IoT (LTE-M and NB-IoT), Bluetooth® Low Energy, Thread, Zigbee, and Bluetooth mesh stacks, a range of applications, samples, and reference implementations, as well as a full suite of drivers for Nordic Semiconductor's devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SDK contains optimized cellular IoT (LTE-M and NB-IoT), Bluetooth LE, Thread, Zigbee, and Bluetooth mesh stacks, a range of applications, samples, and reference implementations, as well as a full suite of drivers for Nordic Semiconductor's devices.
```
